Build helper functions for legate projects, legate-hello example (#571)
nv-legate/legate.core: examples/hello/README.md

# Legate Hello World Application

Here we illustrate a minimal example to get a Legate library up and running.
The example here shows how to get started with the minimum amount of boilerplate.
For advanced use cases, the boilerplate generated can be customized as needed.
In general, a Legate application will need to implement three pieces.

1. Build system
1. C++ tasks
1. Python library

> Please refer to the README in the [Legate repo](https://github.com/nv-legate/legate.core/blob/branch-23.03/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the README in the [Legate repo](https://github.com/nv-legate/legate.core/blob/HEAD/README.md)
```
